[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
The Harmonic Egg
could not have been
brought forward
by anyone more appropriate
than Gail Lynn.
Having worked for more than a
decade with another light box
technology while
observing what works,
her new technology
represents everything she's
learned through the years.
There is a word for
the wise, however.
We should not be using
these technologies--
vibrational and energy
healing systems--
indiscriminately,
and we will explain
that in the second half
of the conversation.
Welcome, Gail.
>>GAIL LYNN: Hi.
Thanks for having me.
>>REGINA: This is fun.
I mean, I have to say, I'm
personally excited about this
because, as it turns
out, years ago when
I interviewed the
person you were
the protege of with the
other light box technology,
a woman in my little hometown
watched that interview
and got this message
pouring through her.
I need to do this one day.
I am going to open a center.
Our town has 2,000 people in it.
Anyway, the day has arrived.
She has one of those
because she opened
her center a little
while ago, and now she
has the Harmonic Egg too.
So I feel so lucky that
I can go in and bathe
in these frequencies
whenever I want.
It's five minutes
from my house--
well, seven, technically.
Yeah.
So this is great.
Anyway, how many are there
right now out and about?
I mean, because this
is still pretty new--
>>LYNN: 11 centers now.
>>REGINA: 11.
OK.
Good.
So people, if they're
interested after hearing
this segment probably find
one in the general region.
>>LYNN: Right.
They're all in the US.
>>REGINA: Hometown.
I am lucky.
So first of all, I wanted to
have you introduce yourself
to this audience by speaking
of how you originally
became what is now compulsively
obsessed with light and sound
healing technologies.
>>LYNN: Absolutely.
So I'm an engineer from Detroit.
And so I grew up in the
automotive industry,
blue collar family, kind of
the good old boys' network.
And so I worked in
automotive in the '80s.
And so it was 20%
women and mostly men.
And I just knew it
wasn't life-changing.
It wasn't going to
change the world,
and I had an itch to get out.
And I met a gentleman in Texas
and moved to Texas in 1997-ish.
And it was life changing
because he was a shaman,
and I didn't even know what
that meant at the time coming
from Detroit.
So I moved out to Texas, got
into the telecom industry,
and grew an international
telecom consulting firm.
Married, divorced.
We were better business partners
than we were life partners
and then got into Hollywood.
So it's taken me all
these different courses
to get to where I am today.
So I get out into
Hollywood where
I met a gentleman who
happened to be Elvis Presley's
stepbrother.
And he and I made
a movie together
in Hollywood called
"Protecting the King."
And so I learned
stuff in automotive,
I learned stuff in telecom, and
I learned stuff in Hollywood,
but all that took me into
a very high stress place.
And at age 37, the
doctor said, you're
on the verge of an
instant heart attack.
You have the heart
of an 80-year-old.
And I said, well, I guess I
got to make some life changes
because I want to be around.
I want to live.
And so I met a gentleman
that owned a light box
technology in Arizona.
Flew out to Arizona.
And in a weekend, the severe
cardiovascular stress was gone.
>>REGINA: What do
you mean it was gone?
You mean you didn't feel
it, or it was verifiably--
>>LYNN: It verifiable
with heart rate
variability that I was in
severe cardiovascular stress.
>>REGINA: And you were
very tested after all this?
>>LYNN: I was tested after
on heart rate variability.
It was completely normal.
So the nervous system has two
sides-- the parasympathetic
and the sympathetic.
>>REGINA: And you were
like stuck with the pedal
to the metal in sympathetic.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
Fight or flight probably
almost close to freeze.
>>REGINA: So now, this has to
be implicated in a lot of heart
disease is severe
stress like that--
>>LYNN: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Where people
can't nudge themselves out
of the sympathetic side
of the autonomic system,
nervous system.
>>LYNN: Right.
It's really hard.
Especially when
people feel like they
were born in fight or flight.
So I remember the
first time I realized
that I had a parasympathetic
nervous system.
I was speeding down 36
over here in Boulder.
I saw a cop, and I felt
this warm sensation come up
all the way into my neck.
And I thought, what is that?
And then I didn't get
pulled over, thank god,
and it went back down.
And it was probably
after about 20 sessions
in the light and sound chamber.
And I realized, wow, I have a
parasympathetic nervous system,
and I just went into
fight or flight.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>LYNN: And I had
always just lived there.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I know.
I understand.
I have a healing
practitioner I go to,
who just does a
sophisticated level
of kinesiology
combined chiropractic.
And when I get stuck
in sympathetic,
it will not go back.
I can't get it bounced back
out, unless I do something
like light or sound therapy,
which most of the time I'm
not thinking to do.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: There isn't
anything around really to do.
>>LYNN: Well, on the other
thing is, deep breathing.
If we do that deep
breathing, it always
will help to reset the
autonomic nervous system, which
is the flight fight or flight.
And then rest and digest.
>>REGINA: Breathing
very shallowly.
>>LYNN: Especially women--
>>REGINA: Most of the time.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So, how did you
even find out about this?
It's pretty esoteric.
>>LYNN: Right.
OK.
So I was at a
conference in LA, and it
was for C-level executives only,
so I was a chief operations
officer for the production
company in Hollywood.
And so I got invited
to the event.
And I remember seeing
the gentleman on stage,
and he was talking
about all these cases
that were to me amazing, and how
could sound and light do that?
And as an engineer, I
thought, there's no way.
My brain couldn't figure out
how that could possibly work.
You lie inside of a sound
and light chamber and all
that stuff happens?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LYNN: Now, knowing what I know
now, it's pretty commonsense.
So I bullied my way up
to the front of the stage
after his talk, and
I said, oh my gosh,
I've had 23 years of
migraine headaches.
Can this help?
And he said, the body
doesn't know disease by name.
And I thought, yes or no, dude.
What is the answer, right?
Now knowing what I know,
you can't make claims.
You can't say yes or no.
Or, you don't want to say
no, but when it's a yes,
but you can't make claims
because of the FDA.
>>REGINA: The FDA.
Absolutely.
>>LYNN: So I thought,
what a stupid answer.
So I left there kind
of disappointed.
And it was probably six
years later that I actually
went to Arizona.
>>REGINA: Oh, really?
>>LYNN: Yeah.
It was still in my head.
And every time, it
kept popping up.
Go to the light box.
And I thought, that's crazy.
It can't do anything.
And then I finally went.
>>REGINA: And?
>>LYNN: It was amazing.
>>REGINA: And you
said after a weekend--
>>LYNN: After a
weekend, I was out
of the severe
cardiovascular stress--
verifiable with heart
rate variability.
I didn't notice anything else.
And I actually came
home and told my friends
it didn't do anything because
it just didn't make sense to me.
And so I wrote up a funny little
explanation to all my friends,
which I have on my
website of how I
describe this crazy light box.
And then I realized
two months later, I
didn't have asthma anymore,
and I was born with asthma.
So I'm riding my bike up a hill.
I get it to the top of the hill
and I said, where's my asthma?
And I thought, it couldn't
be that silly light box
because that didn't do anything.
And then I went to the doctor.
And I was wearing my
glasses, and I thought,
I need a higher prescription
because I've been
wearing glasses since I was 19.
I went to the
doctor and he said,
why are you wearing glasses?
I said, because I've been
wearing them since I was 19.
He said, your vision's 20/20.
Well, I thought the
blurriness meant
I needed a stronger
prescription, which I really
didn't need them.
And that he had the audacity
to tell me, well, you know,
as we get older, our
eyesight gets worse.
And I said, have you
been in the same room
with me, because my
eyesight's better.
And so I left there
just kind of chuckling
and threw the glasses away.
And I thought, couldn't
be that silly light box.
>>REGINA: No.
By this time, how many
sessions had you done?
>>LYNN: I had only done three--
four sessions in three days.
That was it.
>>REGINA: All these things
happened after that?
OK.
Then I heard you say
a little bit ago,
then you ended up
doing like 20 sessions.
OK.
So, obviously you escalated your
engagement with the technology.
What happened?
>>LYNN: So it was
about a year later,
and a little knocking on my head
was saying, go to the light box
again.
Go to the light box again.
And I just felt stuck.
And every time I felt
stuck thereafter,
I would go to the
light box and feel
like that everything
was moving again,
things were flowing again.
So a year later, I
went back and I did
another weekend of sessions.
And then another year
later, I went back
and I said, well, crap, I
really need to just do this.
My migraines had
gotten less intense.
They had got less--
they were less often,
and then they were
almost nothing.
They were 15-hour migraines,
throwing up, coming out
both ends.
Couldn't talk.
I would look at a word and
couldn't even make it out.
I would look at "the" and
it wouldn't look like "the."
I couldn't text,
I couldn't talk.
It was horrible.
So it was such a godsend that
these migraines are gone.
And the last part
of the migraines,
after the 20th session,
was just optical.
So I would lose my vision,
but wouldn't get any pain.
It was amazing.
>>REGINA: Are they gone now?
>>LYNN: I haven't had one
for probably eight years.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Excellent.
So, this story continues because
you decided if it can do this--
and we're going to get in--
I have to say, now this is
the woo-woo part of our--
you're not the woo-woo.
I'm the woo-woo part
of this conversation.
So many years ago, I used to
undergo past life regressions
fairly frequently,
because the guy was
trying to find out about the
past and about himself mostly.
And so I was just one of
the two or three people
he used to get
glimpses into the past.
And when our
information correlated,
we knew we really had a hit.
And a lot of times it
correlated to the other people
and my information
from the ancient past.
And one of the things for
me is in this lifetime,
I became obsessed with
color therapy in my mid-30s,
to the point that's all
I wanted to read about.
I bought lights and color gels,
and I was teaching classes
on color therapy.
And I would do group
experiments with color therapy,
like have everyone
blindfold themselves,
and I'd turn lights
on and say, start
talking about how
you feel and see
if they were
reflecting the effect
of that particular
frequency band of color.
And I mean, just even
speaking to-- like I spoke
to a rotary group of old men.
Everyone-- I couldn't say
enough about color therapy.
And as I was being regressed
around the same period of time,
I saw that in other lifetimes,
I had been a color healer.
And I saw the ways in
which we used color
in very ancient Atlantian
times, which was really
just very organic and
stunning and beautiful,
but we were healers as well.
So we were working
with our own energies
through these
beautiful-- in one case,
we'd lay naturally-dyed, bright
variety of colors silk cloths
over a person's body and
then have the sun shine
through the silk
into their body.
And so that was
the way it was used
in that particular lifetime.
So I have a very strong
affinity with what you're doing,
which is why I'm
so excited about it
being in my little town in the
Sierra foothills of California.
I'm so excited.
>>LYNN: I know we're getting
off a little bit track,
but Norm Shealy did a past
life regression for me.
And I remember the shamans came
into my center and they said,
Gail, you're going to
create your own technology.
I said, no I'm not.
I'll just run a center with this
light box, and it'll be fine.
And they said, no, you need to
get this past life regression,
past life reading and find out
why this is coming through.
Why you're so excited about it.
So I called Norm
Shealy and I said,
who's the best past life
regressor that I can go to
in the area?
He mentioned a
guy in California,
but he said he was second best.
I said, that's OK.
I'll take second best.
And I just said, I
have to know who I am--
>>REGINA: Why you're obsessed.
>>LYNN: Why is this--
I don't need to know that
I was a dancer in China.
I don't need to know all that.
I need to know why I'm here.
So we sat down together,
and it was so funny.
He was so frustrated with
me because I kept saying,
am I making this up?
Am I making this up?
And he said--
>>REGINA: That's
what everyone says.
>>LYNN: I think he
wanted to say, shut up.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That's what everyone
says that when they
do their first regressions.
>>LYNN: It was crazy.
So he actually identified
a life in Egypt
where I had my own
sound and light--
probably mostly a sound chamber.
And I feel like it
was just sunlight
that came across in wood
illuminates into a hole
somewhere into the chamber.
>>REGINA: That's what we
did in the other times.
There was a large aperture
in the top of the ceiling
of the healing chambers.
And when the light
was really intense
at that part of
the day, it would
shine through the aperture
down to the platform
they were lying on.
>>LYNN: Crazy.
I didn't know where the
images were coming from,
but it felt like noon
was the right time.
>>REGINA: That's right.
That's when it was done.
>>LYNN: And I had no idea.
So then he said, well, the
person that was your mentor
was your son in
another lifetime.
And I started bawling.
And he said, finally.
We have some emotion for you.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>LYNN: And then I left.
And yeah, it was great.
>>REGINA: So you're here
because you're back.
This is back to the
future, literally back
to the future, this technology.
And also the beings that--
intuitive beings that
I'm associated with
and have been forever and
consciously for the last 30
years here.
One thing I remember
them telling to me,
those years ago, I said, what
does the future of healing
look like on this planet
within my lifetime?
And they said within your
lifetime is going to be
the resurgence of-- and at
a very sophisticated level--
of sound healing again
is going to come back.
And this was when I was involved
with color at the time too--
color and light.
And they said, this is going
to be accepted as a healing
modality within my lifetime.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
And it's here.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LYNN: People want this.
People are calling
me all the time,
asking where they can find this.
And I felt like when I was
bringing this through-- cause
it does not feel
like my technology.
It feels like something
I'm bringing through.
And I was watching a video
from a medical doctor talking
about how he decided to purchase
a Harmonic Egg in California.
And I was like, wow,
that looks really cool.
Oh, that's mine.
It's this really weird energy.
And I thought, OK,
it has to be this.
It has to be that.
It has to have sacred geometry.
It has to be wood
for the acoustics.
It has to be enclosed.
It has to have a certain
type of light system.
It has to have
musicians that have
a high vibration and a
high consciousness that's
coming through their music.
And my manufacturers asked
me one time, they said, well,
can't we just do
this, this, and this?
I said no.
And they said, why not?
I said, I don't know.
We just can't.
And now things
have been revealed.
Susie Miller came to the center.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
We have her in our archives.
>>LYNN: Absolutely.
She's amazing.
>>REGINA: She deals
with autistic children.
>>LYNN: Yes.
And so she said that
the autistic collective
consciousness had informed her
that there would be a pod that
would come to the planet.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>LYNN: And the pod
would be for the autistic
to lower their consciousness,
us to kind of raise
our consciousness, and
meet in the middle.
And we Facetimed.
It was a really
strange introduction
from a lady named Sandy.
And I thought, why is she
hooking me up with this lady?
I don't know who this is.
And then by the end of the
call, we were both crying.
Within three days, she was
standing in front of me
in my center from California.
Flew to Denver.
And she said, this is the pod.
>>REGINA: And, have you dealt
with autism in the pod much?
And what does it do?
>>LYNN: So I find that they
need to trust the practitioner.
It's very important.
I spend a lot of time with
them and talking to them
or somewhat communicating
with them with my energy
and getting their trust before
I would put them into the pod.
But they seem to
gravitate towards it.
One little boy ran
into the room--
he was just so fast
at four years old,
we didn't even catch him.
He opened the door and ran into
the room to go into the session
and someone was in there.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>LYNN: I'm like,
no, no, no, no, no.
But the mom said he
had more social skills,
he had more eye contact.
And I noticed at the
end of three sessions,
he looked up at me
like to pick him up.
And I looked down, thinking
this is not normal.
He shouldn't want
me to pick him up.
And so I picked him up,
and then immediately wanted
to be put down.
But it was huge.
Just huge.
And Susie was telling me that--
she said, do you have
a turquoise color?
And I said, yes.
And she said, do you have
an amber color in the egg?
And I said, yes.
And she said, yeah.
This is the pod.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>LYNN: I was just--
>>REGINA: Well, and it's
such an interesting web
through the years because,
Sandy, who introduced you,
is a friend of mine, who
I've known for years.
And she and I, she also
has our own podcast
and works with OM Times.
>>LYNN: Right.
>>REGINA: Right.
And so Sandy and I have
become personal friends
over the years.
But we share information
with each other
when we each encounter
interesting new people
in our fields.
And so the web is growing
to an ridiculous extent
of how many people know Sandy
or me or you or whomever now.
So this is all done
through a kind of network
or a community of consciousness.
>>LYNN: Right.
It is crazy.
So I'll see my phone light
up and it's Susie Miller,
Lee Harris has
been to the center.
And he absolutely loved it.
When he came out of the egg,
I said, well, how was it?
And he was just winking
at me, putting a thumbs up
but couldn't talk.
And he said, there will
be words, but not now.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LYNN: So cute.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So I also wanted to
share something too,
but I want to do it after we
take a look at some video.
Because we've talked
about it, but it's really,
I think, helpful if someone can
see what we're talking about,
what it looks like and all that.
So let's go to some video
where some people had
been through the experience
and talked about it afterward
this is about three
minutes long or so.
So let's take a look.
>>LYNN: People come
from all over the world
to experience this technology
when they don't have any hope
and they want to have faith
that their body can heal itself
naturally.
The Harmonic Egg uses
frequencies, vibrations,
sound waves, and light
waves to bring the body
into homeostasis.
>> I was diagnosed with
endometrial cancer in 2016,
and I went through surgery,
chemo, and radiation therapy.
At the end of that, my
body was very traumatized,
and I was looking for
alternative methods
to start my healing process,
and I found Gail Lynn.
Here I am a year later.
I feel very comfortable, healed.
I've got a renewed
sense of life,
which was hard as going
through the cancer process.
So I'm very happy
that I came here.
>>LYNN: Many of the clients
come here because they're
energetically depleted.
It's a huge problem in the
world today with all the stress
and everything that
we're taxed with.
And so I love it when people
can come here and leave here
with more energy and a clearer
aura and a clearer mind.
>> I suffered from two neck
fractures in under a year,
and it was really hard.
I was in chronic pain
for almost three years.
And I had a ton of health
issues because of that
because I was in
constant fight or flight.
After my first session, I did
the anti-inflammation one.
My spine was more erect than
it had been in three years.
It was absolutely incredible.
>>LYNN: This device helps people
to awaken to their own healing
potential.
One of the most common things
I see is chronic fatigue.
>> I found myself in a situation
where I had been depleted
by my life, by family
situations I could not solve.
I found myself completely
fatigued all of the time
and not feeling
particularly hopeful
that I would be able
to solve that problem.
So I tried acupuncture,
chiropractic, massage,
essential oils, many things.
And each of them helped a
little bit for a little while,
but none of them provided
me a real solution.
And so I went questing.
I found the Harmonic Egg.
I knew immediately it
would be helpful to me.
And after I had my first
session, what I noticed
was a deep and
sustained calm that I
don't know that I had ever
felt in my entire life.
>> I'm experiencing improvements
in my mind, my mood.
My energy level
is very high now.
I am back to normal.
I would definitely say this
is a technology for healing
your mind, body, and spirit.
>>REGINA: Well.
Well then.
I mean, it is a
beautiful experience.
But, so we're listening,
we're chatting,
we're doing anecdotal
stuff, but this just
came a couple of
days ago, and let
me swipe this, the cell phone.
OK.
This came in.
Zeus found it-- my
husband Zeus found it
when he was looking at
some other material,
and this popped up.
It says, scientists
clear Alzheimer's plaque
from mice using only
light and sound.
So here it says, clumps
of harmful proteins
that interfere with
brain functions have
been partially
cleared in mice using
nothing but light and sound.
Research led by MIT has found
strobe lights and a low-pitch
buzz can be used to create
brainwaves lost in the disease,
which in turn remove plaque
and improve cognitive function
in mice engineered to display
Alzheimer's-like behavior.
When I read this, I
have a very dear friend
who has this, who has a tau
protein build-up in her brain,
and her life is slipping away.
She was like superwoman
two years ago.
It's moving so fast.
It's destroying all her
functions and becoming
Parkinson's-like symptoms.
And now she can barely talk,
she can barely use her hands,
she can barely read.
Her life is slipping
away because of this.
And I immediately-- I haven't
called her yet to tell her
about this study
to see about this,
because this is a new
area, and MIT isn't a--
it's not a new age
facility, that's for sure.
So, what is it about light and
sound specifically that work
in this way?
I mean, there's so
many frequency--
there are Rife machines.
There's so many
frequency-based technologies,
all of which offer some
hope and that are good.
But what is about light
and sound in particular?
>>LYNN: So I believe that
we're sound and light beings
by nature.
So that's why I feel like why
not heal with sound and light.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
We're all frequencies.
>>LYNN: We're all frequencies.
We're all energy.
And we're putting
these frequencies
into our energetic body,
and it's really just--
I have found that piano
music in the Harmonic Egg
is working to help
with the nervous system
and resetting the autonomic
nervous system with piano.
And I feel like with
drumming, there's
such a vibration, a vibrational
massage for the body
that it can break up maybe
clogged arteries, maybe
that calcification.
And I've had people use
their pendulum and tell me
that the pineal gland was less
calcified after sessions, just
with the vibrations.
You really are getting a--
>>REGINA: Makes sense.
>>LYNN: Tissue massage.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LYNN: And so then I
believe that the cells--
our cells, when they're healthy,
when the body's in balance,
it can heal naturally.
Our bodies know what to do.
But a lot of times, they can't.
>>REGINA: They get
out of stuck patterns.
>>LYNN: Right.
Get out of sync.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Let's talk about that.
You already brought up piano
and the nervous system.
And I'm going to toss
a few things at you
in terms of common
conditions and maybe give us
a little cheat sheet on
what kind of instruments
work well for that in general.
Because there's also that
wonderful clinical study
on women, breast
cancer, and violins.
So let's start there.
>>LYNN: Right.
There was a woman that had come
into my center with cancer.
It was right after she had
root canals on her stomach
and ovarian teeth meridians.
So each of the teeth
have meridian lines
that they run on.
And she said, Gail, you have
to educate your clients.
You have to tell them
that this is dangerous
and these root canals has
resulted in me getting
ovarian and stomach cancer.
And I thought, well,
that's quite interesting,
but I didn't know if
I really believed it.
And she had some tumors that
had been created in her body.
And we worked on her for
probably maybe eight sessions,
and the tumors were still there,
but she was feeling great.
And so the next
time she came in,
I thought, why don't I
just put her on some music
that I've never used before.
And all of a sudden, the
tumors were shrinking.
And so I went back and
I listened to the music,
and I realized violin
was in that music.
And I thought, well, that's
odd because it wasn't
in any of the other music.
And now we're seeing some
change in the tumors.
So I'm a researcher.
I went and googled
"violin, healing music,"
all kinds of stuff comes up.
But I happen to see an article--
women were listening to
40 hours of violin music
and that tumors were shrinking.
So what's that about?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LYNN: I was fascinated.
So that--
>>REGINA: That is fascinating.
>>LYNN: That launched my journey
of the last probably nine
years now, and the Harmonic Egg
training manual and everything.
She launched the journey.
I'm eternally grateful
to her for that one day
that she walked into the center.
>>REGINA: That's wonderful.
And by the way, for any
of our other viewers
who are interested in that topic
about the effect of dental work
and root canals and their
association with the energy
meridians in the body,
I did an interview
with a woman named
Allison Adams,
and it's either in the CMN
or Healing Matrix archive
here on Gaia.
I just want to
let you know that.
So you can go down that rabbit
hole a little further too.
OK.
So here we go.
Parkinson's disease, which
again, that is similar.
I mean, part of that has to
do with the protein build-up
in the brain and other things.
>>LYNN: Absolutely.
And so drumming seems to work
really well with Parkinson's.
So drumming music.
I feel like a lot of the
Parkinson's is heavy metals.
So we found that heavy
metals Parkinson's disease.
And it's neurological,
so I had a gentleman
come in one time with a
cobalt and chromium hip.
And I sent him to
his doctor because I
work with a ton of doctors.
I sent him to his doctor to
get to have a metal test.
The heavy metal test came
back not really that bad.
But after every session, he
would smell like heavy metals.
The whole room would
smell like heavy metals.
I knew he had heavy metals.
Well, come to find out--
this heavy metal task tested
for about 20
different heavy metals
but not cobalt or chromium.
>>REGINA: Oh, there you go.
>>LYNN: So we went down this
rabbit hole for a while.
We came back to it.
He was very high in
cobalt. And we looked up
cobalt symptoms--
high cobalt symptoms
and it was all neurological,
all Parkinson's symptoms.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
So drumming.
>>LYNN: Drumming.
>>REGINA: So what
happened with him?
>>LYNN: So he is
actually stable now.
When he doesn't
come for a while,
he gets worse because that
cobalt chromium hip is still
in his body, off-gassing
all the time.
So he has to really
make a concerted effort
to stay detoxed from
the heavy metals.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
Also, PTSD, right?
>>LYNN: So, water sounds.
Water sounds are so
amazing for PTSD.
And we call it "PTS"
because it's not a disorder.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
PTSD.
>>LYNN: It's post-traumatic
stress that we can get rid of.
And so my sister was just
in town working on her PTS
from having worked
at Homeland Security
and a lot of harassment there.
And at the night that she
had her first session, a lot
you have nightmares
about the job.
And I said, this is
going to come up.
It's going to release it out of
your cell memory and come up.
So I used water sounds with her.
And I have another talk that
I did to the fire department.
And one of the firefighters
came up to me afterwards
and he said, that
is so interesting
to hear that water
sounds help PTSD
because my father was in
World War II, I think he said.
And he said, after I got a
fountain put in my backyard,
he was over often, and he just
loved to sit by the fountain.
>>REGINA: Oh.
So there it was.
He knew naturally
what was good for him.
And what about depression?
>>LYNN: I like to use harp
music in the Egg for depression.
And there's certain
specific light colors
also for depression.
And so I really like for
depression to use harp music.
>>REGINA: What colors do
you use for depression?
>>LYNN: Well, you don't
want to use blues.
>>REGINA: No.
>>LYNN: Because it will
make you more depressed.
So oranges and yellows and
bright colors and greens.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: And like fuchsia pink.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And all.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
I've interviewed Steven Ross
a few times, between my site
and between Gaia.
And I just I adore his work.
Well, he has one of the
original dinshaw machines,
original color healing.
And he understands it like us.
In fact, when I was obsessed
with color reading those books,
he was at the same time.
We were on the same
hunt for the same books
and the same
interviews with people
30 some years ago on color.
And he has a system for
a low-tech version, where
you can use just a light, like
a theater light on a tripod
and put the gels in.
And you can do a little color
therapy on yourself at home.
>>LYNN: Yes.
>>REGINA: So that takes care
of the color part for someone
who can't get to a center.
You can still kind of play
a little harp for yourself
and lie under a fuchsia
light or something
to bring your spirits
up and that works, too.
>>LYNN: You can get those lamps
that you can bend the arm.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you can.
>>LYNN: Just lie under it
and listen to some music.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So that's important to
know that we don't--
if someone can't make it to
one of the centers, no problem.
Just start rigging up
what you can on your own.
Don't not take
advantage of sound
and light just
because you can't get
to some high-end technology.
OK.
Let's go to cancer.
We just talked about it.
We know for one--
>>LYNN: So can I just--
>>REGINA: Violin.
>>LYNN: Can I say that Steve
came to the Sedona center
when I was training,
the Sedona center.
>>REGINA: I just talked
to him a couple days ago.
We hadn't talked about that.
Really?
>>LYNN: He did.
>>REGINA: I love it.
>>LYNN: And he doesn't
really have any illnesses.
>>REGINA: No.
He's very healthy.
>>LYNN: He just walked in
the room and was like, wow.
>>REGINA: Did he love it?
>>LYNN: Oh, yeah.
It was great.
>>REGINA: Oh, I'm sure he did.
We're doing some
events together too,
just talking about the history
of sound and color healing
in particular.
Because it's time-- I
think, like you and like he,
it's time to bring these very
organic, natural, non-invasive,
beautiful technologies back to
start combating chronic disease
because medicine is failing.
>>LYNN: Right, right.
>>REGINA: Period.
OK.
Autoimmune problems.
>>LYNN: So, do you want
to go back to the cancer?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
Is there something besides the
violins you find that works?
>>LYNN: So, piano.
Because I actually
thought that cancer--
for a long time I thought
cancer was a viral load.
So the cancer cells eat--
they eat each other.
They eat and then they
defecate and then they
eat that, and then
eventually, I thought maybe
that was what was
turning to cancer.
I had a doctor come in from
San Antonio, and she said,
Gail, really, you're
not going deep enough.
And I said, what do you mean?
And she said, if you go deeper,
why didn't the body fight off
that cancer?
I said, well, I don't know.
She said, at the root--
28 years she's been
working with cancer people.
She said, it's heavy
metals at the root.
And then I started
thinking about it.
And I thought, Candida binds
to heavy metals, and so
a fungus in the body.
And the body can't
get rid of the fungus
because it has heavy metals,
so they're binding together.
It's almost-- it has to
be a two-fold process.
>>REGINA: Yikes.
>>LYNN: So I do
antiviral protocols,
and there are
frequencies for making
viruses very uncomfortable.
So we'll treat chronic
Lyme with the frequencies.
And because you're inside of
a whole body healing system,
the Lyme doesn't have
anywhere to move.
Microcurrent-- people have used
microcurrent on their wrist
because their wrist hurts.
It moves to the shoulder.
You put it on their shoulder,
it moves to the knees.
So when we put them
in the Harmonic Egg,
it's working on all
the body's systems
inside of a resonant chamber.
The Lyme gets very upset,
and people will sometimes
have more symptoms because the
Lyme is fighting for its life.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LYNN: So we'll do heavy
metals and antiviral protocols
for cancer.
And we don't put that out there.
I don't market.
I don't make any claims.
I just help the people and
educate the people as they
come in and they find us.
So it's really interesting.
>>REGINA: What were your
triggering in my thought is
this--
Dr. Klinghardt talks about
the effects of heavy metals
on the body and on
the autoimmune system.
He said that his American--
he's from Germany--
that his American
clients have something
like 100 times the level
of aluminum in their bodies
that his clients in Europe have.
And I started
thinking about that.
Because, again, if you start
looking to other topics,
such as chem trails,
which I recently
did a story that expanded it
out when we learned that they
changed the commercial jet
fuel composition so that it has
essentially the same ingredients
as what chem trails have,
the military version.
And we've got
hundreds of thousands
of flights
criss-crossing our skies.
And so that fallout from the
aluminum and all the fuel--
not just chem trails,
contrails, what
are called contrails
from normal aircraft
contain all the same stuff.
And the primary
constituent that is
found being found in
toxic levels in our bodies
is aluminum.
And you've got strontium,
barium, and other things too.
But aluminum is devastating
to the nervous system,
to the brain.
Right?
>>LYNN: Yeah.
And then when we get
stressed out and angry,
those metals heat
up in our brain,
and then they start killing
off the brain cells.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So really, it's turning out
that heavy metal toxicity
is one of your
culprits that's linking
a lot of these chronic
diseases together.
>>LYNN: Right.
>>REGINA: And so I
just brought that up
because we're all exposed
to so much of it now.
So it's in the crops.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You can
eat organically,
but I bet you, if
you were to have
labs done on a lot of
even organic crops grown,
if they're grown under the
open skies not in a hothouse,
they're going to have
some kind of metals
build up in them
because of what's being
dumped from the sky every day.
>>LYNN: Well, someone
brought to my attention
then all the lights
in Las Vegas have
created to have a
heavy metal mercury
toxicity in a very large
radius for the people.
And it makes sense, but
I didn't think about it.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
OK.
Well, I just want to
bring that up because I
think this is really important.
>>LYNN: Right, right.
>>REGINA: So that's drumming
to break up the heavy metals.
>>LYNN: And so I created some
pieces of music with a musician
because I wanted to have
some intellectual property
for the Harmonic Egg.
And I asked these musicians--
I said, I really feel like
disease be narrowed down
to five things--
heavy metals,
stress, fatty liver,
an autoimmune or immunity
issue, and inflammation.
So we created pieces
for each of those
with the instruments
and color intentions.
And we worked with a
Chinese medicine doctor
to tell us which-- like the
guitar is a wood element.
Didgeridoo is an earth element.
And we have medical
notes for it.
It was a really fun project.
>>REGINA: So is that
just part of like
an autoimmune suite of
music, or what would it
be under each condition?
>>LYNN: Each
different condition.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>LYNN: So there's six tracks,
and the last one we did
was kid sanctuary,
because it came through
for working with autism.
And then dogs.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LYNN: Because dogs have
such as sensitive little soul
that you don't want to play
drumming and piano and flute
and trumpet and
everything for them.
So this one is just flute
and water and birds.
That's it.
>>REGINA: Oh,
that's so beautiful.
I want to try that one.
Now, heart conditions.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
So heart conditions
are interesting.
It depends-- they
could be emotional.
So my boyfriend had-- and who
knows how the story goes--
but he had a heart attack after
he lost his wife about 13 years
ago, the love of his life.
And they said 40%
of his heart died.
And so, he's been
doing sessions.
We've been together
about five years,
and he has been doing sessions.
And he had a pacemaker
put in, and he had
to have the battery replaced.
So one of my medical doctors,
who's a really good client,
he said, get me
his cardiac output
and his ejection
fraction number and I'll
tell you how much of
his heart is still dead.
And so I gave him the numbers.
He looked at them.
He looked at me, he looked
at them, and he said,
these are his numbers?
I said, yes.
He said, this is a perfectly
normal-functioning heart.
There's nothing dead.
And so we really tried to
get the records released.
We had a stack of paperwork that
we never found the old numbers.
So who knows?
But I think it's
really interesting
that it appears that possibly
it could have regenerated--
>>REGINA: Grown new tissue.
Yeah.
>>LYNN: We know our
organs can regenerate.
>>REGINA: And which
instruments work for heart?
For our home users?
>>LYNN: I would
say piano is great.
Harp is great.
Think about the heart strings.
Guitar, cello, violin.
The heart strings.
And then green light.
And I love green light, and I
love pink light for the heart.
Because it seems that the
back of our chakra system
has different colors than the
front of our chakra system.
So Cindy Dale has a
lot of work on that.
>>REGINA: I just interviewed
her not long ago.
>>LYNN: Really?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LYNN: She's great.
And so pink for the
back of the heart,
chakra green for the front.
>>REGINA: For the front.
>>LYNN: So I use a lot of piano.
But if you think about it,
the autonomic nervous system
is connected to all
the organs in our body.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LYNN: So piano will
work for the organs.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
absolutely.
What about addictions?
>>LYNN: So addictions
are interesting.
You know Ani Williams--
>>REGINA: Yes, I do.
>>LYNN: And Ani Williams is--
>>REGINA: Such a small world.
>>LYNN: I know, right?
>>REGINA: I know her from
Sedona for almost 20 years.
>>LYNN: Right?
And so I took her class
on voice analysis.
And very often, addictions
can be heavy metals.
So drumming.
But it can be missing
a tone in your voice.
So she teaches people
how to listen to a voice,
like Sherry Edwards, who
has a gift of doing it.
I do it with a digital
tuner and a microphone.
And I can see what
tones you're missing.
And I'm often finding that
with addictions, they're
missing the tone of
G or the tone of B.
And you can replenish those
tones with Ani's music
or toning music and bring
that back into balance.
>>REGINA: Color?
>>LYNN: Color.
>>REGINA: I think that may be
all over the map because of so
many different addictions.
OK.
What about weight issues,
which almost always
has some kind of subliminal,
subconscious, emotional issues?
>>LYNN: With weight
issues, I find drumming.
You have to penetrate the
density of all these organs,
drumming or low
vibrational instruments--
a tuba or a bassoon or a
deep bass would be a great--
>>REGINA: Do you have
any Indian-like tabla?
>>LYNN: Like a Native American?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Really deep drums.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Oh, I love those.
>>LYNN: Absolutely.
Rhythmic drumming too.
>>REGINA: Love it.
Yeah.
>>LYNN: But, what
I've found is, there
is a correlation to
people who are not
able to lose weight
and a fatty liver.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>LYNN: So we're
actually seeing people
with cirrhosis of the liver
who never had a drink.
It's kind of an epidemic.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I interviewed Dr.
Donese Worden and she's
working with that and also
homeopathics and sound.
And they're having great
success because it's
people who are not
necessarily overweight,
who don't drink even
that are finding they're
having cirrhosis of the liver.
>>LYNN: And is that in
our environment maybe?
>>REGINA: I don't know.
>>LYNN: Something's going on.
But then the Keto
diet-- and I don't
want to criticize any diet.
I don't believe in diets.
I believe in lifestyles.
I like the Mediterranean
diet, but the Keto diet,
when people are eating
all the animal proteins,
I think they're all fats.
So we've created a fatty--
even avocados are, even as
good of a fat as they are
can still contribute
to the fatty liver
if your liver is fatty.
So I've actually help
people with flute music
to work on the liver and
drumming music for weight loss.
And we actually have
a sound selection
with drumming and flute and
Native American-- it's so nice.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
That's so cool.
OK.
So that kind of gets us
through the primer for anyone
who wants to do a little home
application of color and sound
therapy.
I really appreciate
your doing that for us.
>>LYNN: Any time.
>>REGINA: And I wanted to talk
about the subject of music
in general, because I
like looking sometimes
at the meta position on it.
And Zeus and I talk about this
a lot, about eras of music
that we're just on a
soul level drawn to
and what the effects are on
us emotionally or mentally
and so forth.
And we're living in a time where
there is no overtone, shall
we say, in the Western world.
>>LYNN: Right.
>>REGINA: There isn't
anything consistent.
It's kind of whatever goes.
Doesn't matter.
It's whatever goes in
every area of life and it
doesn't-- fashion, music,
culture, all of it.
Entertainment.
So we're in an anything
goes time right now,
but I want to take the
time leading up to it--
even starting with
the '20s and '30s.
So let's talk about
the effects of music
on culture in that day.
And we're speaking
specifically about the West,
because Eastern tones
are very, very different
and have their own
effects, sometimes
in a higher, more
sophisticated level even.
But in the West, we're
not familiar with them,
so we're going
with Western music.
>>LYNN: Right.
And I think the Western music
corrupted the Eastern people
in probably the 1600s, from
what I've been reading.
Because way back when, the
Eastern people, the emperors
would go out into the towns
and listen to the tones.
And if they weren't the
cosmic vibrations or tones,
they would send
musicians in to retone.
And I have been reading that
once the Western musicians went
over to the East, it trashed--
>>REGINA: It had a more
sophisticated scale
than what we had.
>>LYNN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So let's just start
back 100 years ago.
>>LYNN: Right, right, right.
So I say that '20s and
'30s and '40s music--
this is just my opinion--
it seemed to have its
own special genre.
Then it was '50s and '60s, and
that's where I resonate with.
And then '70s seemed to
have its own special piece.
And then '80s, it
seems like that's
when we started to
get more vulgar,
and I don't want to say in
less loving, less peace.
And it feels like that
has maybe molded society.
>>REGINA: To be more careless.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And you see it also--
my sister and I were
talking this morning,
kind of joking about the
shows that we were raised on--
things like "Father Knows
Best" and "Leave It to Beaver"
and "The Andy Griffith Show,"
where you had the strong,
patriarchal male, and there was
always a good lesson between he
and his son-- never
the daughter--
just he and his son, whether
it's Opie or whomever.
There's a good life lesson and
some good ethics and morals
to be taken away from
each week's program.
And the wife would serve
cookies with her pearls on.
Or if it was "I
Love Lucy," she was
the nutty one who Ricky Ricardo
would always have to save.
Oh, Ricky.
>>LYNN: Right, right.
>>REGINA: And so my
generation came from that
as our influence.
But at the same time, it
came from an influence
of really sweet love songs.
>>LYNN: Right, right.
>>REGINA: The worst
thing was a broken
heart or maybe someone died
and you miss them so terribly.
And so it was all about--
really, it was almost all about
love, the '50s and '60s music,
til started going
a little more--
once the Rolling Stones
and such came along
and drugs were introduced and
Jim Morrison and all that,
going other directions.
But then after that, it
seems like a lot of the music
started developing more minor
keys rather than majors.
And a lot of the music of
the '50s and '60s, even
the '20s and '30s was
based on major keys--
big band era and so forth.
And then it's
always interesting,
like life to float
between majors and minors.
But when you're getting kind of
really contrasty, disharmonic,
lots of minor keys, that's
doing something to our brains.
It's doing something to our
hearts, our emotional behavior.
And I mean, I think it's very
important what you expose
yourself to in terms of music.
>>LYNN: Yeah.
Well, Mick Jagger,
I just read a piece
where he said that they
know as musicians what
tones to play to cause a riot.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>LYNN: And they don't care.
They said they do it on purpose.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LYNN: And apparently, there
were some deaths at a riot--
one of their concerts-- and
they got called into court
and didn't show up.
It was a situation
where he would
have been able to identify the
murderers of some of the people
who died.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>LYNN: And then some kids
were putting soft eggs--
so I don't know if they
were raw or soft boiled--
on the stages.
And by the middle of the
concert, they were hard boiled.
What is that doing
to our brains?
What would that be
doing to our organs,
just like you're saying.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
We're using frequencies
irresponsibly.
And that leads us to this
part of the conversation,
the takeaway part here, of using
frequency irresponsibly-- even
beautiful frequencies.
Now a lot of people
watching this--
I've done it in the past.
You're so excited
about new things,
you want try everything.
And so you'll be doing three
or four different things
at one time.
And you say, gosh,
it's not working.
OK.
So let's talk about being overly
eager to involve ourselves
in energy healing in general.
>>LYNN: So over the 10 years
that I've been doing this now,
I have seen a lot,
and I have done a lot,
and I have really
messed myself up.
So one of the
messages that I would
like to talk to people
about is, too much
energy work can poison you.
Too much of a good
thing is never great.
>>REGINA: Can be a bad thing.
>>LYNN: Right, right.
So I tell people,
after the Harmonic Egg
sessions, five to seven days, do
not receive other energy work.
60% of my clients are healers.
So therefore, they are
going to be giving.
And so I say, it's
receiving the energy work.
And so to have them
receive other energy work,
you're just arm wrestling
with the energies
that you just utilized
in the Harmonic Egg.
And if somebody were
to call the center
and say, I just did
acupuncture yesterday,
I said, well, ask
your acupuncturist
how many days to let that
integrate before you do this.
Because A, you're wasting
your money and B, why would
you want to just pile on
one thing on top of another.
So it's an analogy too of
the lower vibrational--
we went to-- my sister and
I went to a medium on Friday
night.
And in her paperwork,
she says, I
don't eat two hours
before a reading
because I want to be able
to tap into the spirits
and not be digesting my food.
And she said, the
day of readings,
she will eat light, not a
lot of low vibrational foods,
like a heavy cheeseburger
or fettuccine Alfredo.
And yet, these
healers have to eat.
So how do they find that
balance so that they're
able to work with their clients
and work with the energies
and keep them on a high
vibration to help the clients?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LYNN: So that's the other
thing with Harmonic Egg,
you don't want me
working on you.
>>REGINA: Right, right, right.
>>LYNN: I can't be neutral.
>>REGINA: I mean
this is the thing--
when you have humans
working on you,
we're on one hand part of
what this time in history
is about is for us to understand
our innate capabilities,
our innate powerful energies,
our innate powerful minds,
and reclaim ourselves
so that we can
have power in our own lives.
>>LYNN: Right, right.
>>REGINA: And so we
never to set aside
the human potential
and the human gift
of healing one another.
>>LYNN: I love that.
>>REGINA: But, we're all in the
various stages of development,
and we all have our stuff.
>>LYNN: Right.
And so I want people to
digest this energy work
before doing other energy
work because they'll just
keep piling stuff into
their energy field.
And unlike, you eat
a hamburger and you
feel stuffed and
your stomach is full,
you don't realize when
your energy field is full
and you're just piling
more stuff onto it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LYNN: And so the woman
I spoke about earlier
with the cancer and the
tumors, she was doing great.
I didn't see her
for about a year.
And when she came back to
me, she walked in the door,
and I couldn't see her face.
There was a black
haze around her face.
>>REGINA: Energetically.
>>LYNN: Right.
And I thought, oh my gosh, I'm
rubbing my eyes and thought
maybe it was a migraine coming
on, because I would lose
my vision, and it wasn't.
She was almost wasting away.
So I asked her what
she had been doing,
and she said, well, I flew
to Germany and I did this
and I flew to Mexico and I
did this and I went to Oregon.
I went to Kansas, and I went--
and she piled so many things
on to try to prevent--
keep the cancer
from coming back,
because these people sometimes
get desperate and in fear.
And so in that fear,
they do too much.
And so I feel like she spend
her energy out of control.
And so I don't know
what to say to her.
And she, said go ask the
medical intuitive what he sees.
And I left her in
the room alone.
I made a call.
I came back.
And what I was told
was that probably she'd
be gone in about two weeks.
And so she said,
what did he say?
And I said, he said probably
don't take that trip to Mexico,
like go see your grandkids.
Just take a break
from the healing.
And she said, oh, OK.
I couldn't tell her why he said.
>>REGINA: That's really sad.
And I mean, of course, you
can't tell a person that--
and I assume she did pass away.
>>LYNN: She did.
In 12 days.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And if you think about it,
it would be no different
than drug contraindications,
where these drugs are working--
we know it from a
material point of view,
if you have all these pills
working against each other.
I think doctor care is
what, the third highest
cause of patient death
in the United States is
and that usually the
drugs they're prescribing.
>>LYNN: Right.
>>REGINA: Not always,
but sometimes.
A good amount of the time.
So if we're looking at
it in energetic terms,
it makes total sense.
Because if we look at the human
body, there's no there there.
There's nothing there.
We're nothing but frequencies.
There's literally almost no
material to anything in here
that we see on an atomic level.
It's like looking at the
planets rotating around the sun.
That's what we're made up of.
It's all space.
And I was talking
in another interview
with Billy Carson about this.
We can program it
however we wish,
but it really
drives home for me--
and I really understand this--
if it's all space, and the
space is nothing but frequency,
light, and information,
why would you
not try to assist in
the balancing of it
with frequency, light,
and sound-- vibration
that's the most direct thing.
To take a pill in
material form to be
able to induce some of
those effects in a very
inefficient way is the
least efficient way
to go about balancing out
imbalances in the body--
chronic disease, for example.
>>LYNN: Right.
And all of our
bodies are different.
So how can we say that
five different meds
are going to act a certain way?
Every single person
is different.
>>REGINA: And it's the same
thing with energy healing.
>>LYNN: Right.
>>REGINA: I mean you can
a masseuse who's having
a bad day really mess you up.
Unfortunately, I've had
that happen a couple times.
>>LYNN: Me too.
>>REGINA: And you
just don't go back.
And it's true even
with your technology.
If you're using this
technology overlaid with--
maybe someone else is
like on a spectrum of--
or a full protocol of,
say, Rife box technology.
>>LYNN: Right.
>>REGINA: And it's running all
that energy in, and then having
yours coming in sideways.
So I think it's a very
important point you make.
It doesn't help to be
junkies for this stuff.
>>LYNN: Right.
And even my technology
could hurt somebody
if you're playing the
music inside the Egg,
over, say 90 decibels.
Then you're going to throw
someone into fight or flight,
and that's not
the purpose of it.
It's for relaxation.
It's for distressing-- it's
not for stressing you out.
So all the centers are
trained very specifically not
to use high sounds, even if
the client says, crank me up.
No.
And so I really like
when I meet a healer who
comes into my office and says,
I have to take the day off today
because my energy is really bad.
I need a session.
>>REGINA: Right.
I should know when
to be exposed to.
Yes.
>>LYNN: Thank so much.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LYNN: And I honor them,
and I will squeeze them in--
I'll even stay after
hours to squeeze them in.
Because it is their livelihood,
and they're amazing people,
and they all have this
great intention for healing.
And some of them
are just amazing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LYNN: And I love their
energy, but I love it
when they have that
integrity to say,
I just don't feel good today
and I can't work on somebody.
>>REGINA: So really--
I mean, in the end, one of the
beauties of having technology
interface and not to
supplant human interface,
because I love human--
nothing is like the hands.
>>LYNN: I love my massages.
>>REGINA: Me too.
So and also with human
intuition and so forth.
But one of the things
about using technology
is that it's clean,
it's repeatable, right,
and it doesn't
have any influence
beyond just those frequencies.
>>LYNN: Right.
And that's why I chose wood.
Everything I've
read about wood, it
doesn't hold energy
or information.
There are no crystals in there
because I believe that they
hold information and energy.
>>REGINA: Oh yeah.
Amplify it.
Absolutely.
>>LYNN: Right, right.
And it's so consistent
and repeatable device.
If I get cut off in
traffic or if I my parents
passed away
back-to-back in 2017,
you didn't want me
working on you then.
>>REGINA: Right
>>LYNN: Because you
were going to pick up
all that sadness and all
my grief and all my anger.
And so I was still able
to work by putting people
into the Harmonic Egg.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
Any final thoughts at all?
I think we've
covered quite a bit,
and I think it is
important for people
to be able to have
power over it at home.
Think about what we're
exposing ourselves
to in terms of light bulbs,
even those horrible CFLs.
Hopefully no one has those
left with that mercury
and that horrible color.
But even down to our lighting
in our home, the music
we listen to before we
fall asleep at night.
These are all really
important things
to become consciously aware of.
>>LYNN: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And so the next step
is people can take it
further if they wish to
have a kind of a space age
experience, which I love.
I'm on board.
So any final comments
before we sign off?
>>LYNN: Well, I so appreciate
you having me here today,
and I'm hoping that we
provided some good information
for people.
Because we can also say that
the colors that you wear--
>>REGINA: Matter.
>>LYNN: The food that
you eat all matter.
So if you're attracted
to a certain color--
say yellow-- you
could wear yellows
in your jewelry, your
clothing, eating.
And then also putting
yourself under that light.
So if you're attracted
to something,
it might be that it's
really what you need.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I couldn't agree more.
And bathe in it.
I mean, in our
technological society,
we tend to wear a lot
of neutrals and a lot
of black and so forth.
But there are other ways-- even
if we think it's fashionable,
looks great on us--
there are other ways to infuse
that color into our lives
and our environment around us.
And even in something
as simple as a candle
or dishware or whatever,
you can get it in there.
Accessorize, right?
>>LYNN: Right, right, right.
I love it.
>>REGINA: Gail, thank you
so much for your time.
I love what you're
doing, literally.
I just love it.
>>LYNN: Thank you.
>>REGINA: And I hope
see you again here.
>>LYNN: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thanks.
We can see where
our future is headed
in the realm of healing--
light, frequency, sound,
and vibrations.
The effect of sound healing
has been studied far and wide
already, and I love that
it's non-invasive, aesthetic,
and beautiful.
To learn more you can
go to HarmonicEgg.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]